hi my name's anna lawson i'm food and
reviews writer at bbc good food
which means it's my job to test products
including new food and drinks
and also reviewing equipment like
blenders knives graters
you name it probably tried it today i'm
very very
excited to be testing out three
restaurant meal kits
so i think one of the most exciting
things in food to come out of the
lockdown was that
some of the best restaurants in the
country have started to do
home delivery kits where you can make
iconic dishes from their
restaurant at home so i'm testing three
different kits
these are all from london restaurants
and they're all around 20 to 25 pounds
so we've got a kit from bao
it's a restaurant that's obviously is
very famous for its bowel buns so
largely taiwanese and these ones are
going to be the pork
a classic pork bowel bun then we wanted
to go for something sweet so i've gone
for this one from shook
which is a tel aviv inspired restaurant
in london
and this is their babka which is like a
platted
enriched bread and then
finally this one under here this giant
one is from a restaurant called baron
jack also in london
and it's um a big kebab feast
so now i'm gonna test the bow kit very
excited about this one i have been to
the restaurant
and did find it delicious but never
thought i would make
them at home so
this is what you get inside so you've
got the pork there
the bell buns are in here and then these
are the toppings
cool so i've read the instructions and
it seems quite easy you just need to
heat the bowels and there's a there's a
few ways you can do that um
if you don't have a traditional bamboo
steamer you can do it in the microwave
or you can put a steamer basket
or sieve or colander into a lidded pan
and steam them that way so i'm going to
do
something like that and then it's just a
case of
reheating the pork you fry
these ferments and then you just
assemble it all together
with the peanuts and
there's a little bit of fresh coriander
in there um
so let's get going
i'm just gonna put some water in there i
don't have a bamboo steamer but i've got
a steamer basket and a pan with a lid
so the boughs are here
you have to put them each one on a piece
of
grease through paper which they provide
steam those for 10 minutes
so while those are steaming for 10
minutes i'm gonna reheat the pork
so the instructions say to just reheat
this for 10 to 12 minutes until it's
piping hot
and the sauce is reduced and become
slightly sticky and not too runny
lastly we just have to fry these
ferments and a little bit of oil
in a frying pan and then you just keep
that warm until you need to assemble the
bowel buns
[Music]
so i've got everything here ready i've
only done four bowel buns because my
steamer basket was too small but it does
make six
so we get the buns and they're really
really nice and soft and squidgy
and light and then
and it's a case of getting some of that
nice braised pork into there
oh that looks really good
smells delicious too and then you want
the fermented greens i'm probably
filling this a bit too much actually
especially as i'm gonna have to eat it
then you want the coriander and eggs
sorry
to just put on like that
that'll do and then a sprinkling of
peanut powder
so this is just crushed up peanuts
oh it looks so good
so that is your classic pork bow
and i'm really excited to eat it
really really nice soft bowel bun
that's really good and it's delicious
the meat's really really delicious
very tender meat really nice peanut
powder
really really soft light bowel bun i
just want to carry on now
okay that's one of the best meal kits
that i've actually done
really really easy and quick to put
together and absolutely delicious
so i really really highly rate that
thanks bao
okay so the next one i'm gonna do is
from bear and jack and it's a kebab kit
this one they do do a huge feast for i
think 45 pounds but this one is a
two-person
um kebab set for 25 pounds
so
okay so i've got in here two tomatoes
and lemon and red onion
then we've got some argan oil pickled
chili
some herbs here okay so as well as all
the food it also comes with the
all-important
kebab skewers and then we've got these
really amazing looking breads
the instructions and then in here is the
meat it does give you all the
instructions
very clearly but it also says to watch
their video which i think is going to
make it
even easier so i'm going to do that and
then we'll get started and so i heated
my grill to maximum setting
and lined a deep baking tray with tin
foil
now i'm gonna um skewer so the video
does say to wear gloves and i would
advise it um but i didn't have any
gloves so i just
had to be very careful so you skewer
the chicken first onto the two thinner
skewers
so for the other meat you form a sausage
shape you should wet your hands
in a bowl it's really really worthwhile
watching the video
because he shows how to
mold it onto the skewer and then shape
it
[Music]
and then put ridges into it using your
thumb
so i really would definitely watch the
video for the skewers because it's not
that clear in the instructions
so then once you've done that you're
going to set them aside
so while the skewers are aside i've i'm
peeling and slicing the onions
them with half of the argan oil the
juice of half a lemon and some salt
then sprinkle over this little bit of
parsley and sumac mix
but not all of it and toss to combine
so then i'm rubbing the tomatoes with a
little bit of argan oil and putting them
on the foil line tray
i'm going to put those under the grill
for three to five minutes until they
start to blister
after that i'm putting the chicken
skewers on next to the tomatoes and i'm
going to put those under the grill for
six minutes without turning them
so this chicken's been cooking for six
minutes without turning now i'm going to
put the kubida
on and put it under the grill with the
chicken and cook it for another six
minutes but that one i'm going to
turn in a couple of minutes and i could
baste it with
melted butter or ghee but i haven't done
[Music]
okay so after the six minutes i'm going
to turn off the grill
fold the lavash bread and put it on top
of the meat skewers and then put that
back into the oven but just off
so that the meat can rest and the bread
can warm through
that looks good there very professional
i like this technique of using the bread
to slide
meat off the skewers it looks a lot more
professional and i thought i'd really
messed it up but i actually is looking
pretty decent and finally
just going to add the tomatoes
it comes with like pickled chilies that
look delicious
i could do an extra sprinkling of sumac
and parsley
a squeeze of lemon
and then i'd serve it up in a piece of
the bread
so i'm just going to make myself up a
little kebab
the chicken's good i'm going to try a
little bit of the meat
mmm really soft but with a nice charred
outside
and you can taste the spicing
there is quite a lot of heat coming from
it actually really nice bread
love this yogurt dip with all the sumac
overall i think it's really really
impressive i mean i definitely think
it serves at least two people it's a
pretty hefty amount here
it's very impressive i think if you're
having people over it's not really one
that you want to do
that you'd be able to do quickly um i'd
say you have to have a little bit of
confidence in the kitchen
especially when you're making these
kebabs um to skew with the meat properly
and to get into the shape these are
really easy to put together
obviously the bread is just serving and
the tomatoes
um you just grill but the meat skewing
is a little bit complicated but other
than that i am really really impressed
with this
so now i'm moving on to the babka see
what it comes with
i think you can order to get a single
one or a double but i've just gone for
the
single 20 pounds
so we've got the dough itself
dark chocolate and cookie crumbs
chocolate and hazelnut spread
some plain flour some vanilla syrup
got the loaf tin to bake it in just a
card one
and then we've got the instructions
okay so i've washed my hands i've got my
apron on and i'm gonna get going
so the first step is to roll out the
dough on a floured surface
okay it's a very sticky dough
just going to put a bit of flour on it
because it's really sticky
so it says to roll out to a rectangle of
about three millimeters
the next step is to spread the chocolate
and hazelnut paste over the whole
surface of the dough leaving one
centimeter on each edge
i've got my dark chocolate and cookie
crumbs
[Music]
so unlike a traditional babka this one's
got the chocolate hazelnuts bread and
then cookie crumbs
and dark chocolate chips so it's a bit
like a next level bubbka
okay so the next step is to roll it
[Music]
the next step is to cut it lengthways
so now what i need to do i've got these
two
lengthways and the chocolate facing
upwards
and it says to sort of cross it over
like this
and then you twist up here
and then down here
and now i've got to leave it for an hour
to prove
okay so the babka has been proving for
about an hour just more it's gone a bit
more puffy
and now i just need to brush it with um
egg wash so i've just beaten an okay and
i've got a pastry brush
but if you don't have pastry brush you
could just use even your fingers or a
bit of
kitchen towel
so i'm just it just says to lightly
brush it
then it says to put it in the oven at
170 for 30 to 35 minutes
okay so the bub comes out the oven it is
a little bit messy
but it looks delicious and it smells
incredible really really chocolatey
so now the last step is to just brush it
with all this vanilla syrup
while it's hot so it can soak down
so it feels like a lot of syrup but it
does say to use it all
so it does look a tiny bit dark and i'm
wondering whether because in the
instructions it says to
put it in at 170 and i've got a fan oven
so
i think i should probably should have
put in a tiny bit less
so just bear that in mind if you're
making at home
mmm it's really good warm
not be so good with a coffee
properly chocolatey
really nice soft dough
that's great that's better than i
thought it was gonna be
okay so i could eat this literally all
day but i'm gonna have to pack away now
so absolutely really really loved making
all those restaurant kits like i would
definitely order them again
i think the bow um that's a really good
price for what you get
you can build six bow buns with all the
all the trimmings and it's
really surprisingly easy to make like i
was shocked how easy it was and how
delicious
so i would definitely recommend that to
others and the bear and jack kebab kit
that's a lot more involved i did have to
watch the how-to video
quite a few times to be able to um
work out how to properly skewer the meat
um
and there was quite a lot of process so
it's definitely more one for if you're
maybe trying to impress someone
like on a date night or something um
cooking for a friend
and like it's really impressive at the
end some really good flavors though
and then finally the babka from shook i
thought that was really really fun to
make
um obviously it's not as easy again
to put together without watching the
how-to video so definitely head over to
their
instagram and have a look at it um but i
thought was really fun to make and the
end result was
super super soft moist really chocolaty
very sweet and i'd highly recommend that
and i'd probably order it again
really really hard to pick an actual
favorite but as i say
probably the easiest to do is bow
the most impressive if you're cooking
for a friend is bear and jack and then a
really really
great sweet option and also very
impressive um is the
shook babka so thanks so much i really
had a lot of fun cooking up those meal
kits um but join me for
next time when i'll be unboxing and
reviewing something else